# CS370
Machine Learning

  I implemented DeepQ learning with neural networks in an attempt to solve a maze problem. An agent, in this case a pirate, searches in a 2d maze for treasure by moving up, down, left or right. By capturing the game experience data, and utilizing exploration and exploitation techniques, the pirate agent is supposed to complete attempts, or epochs, of trialing maze navigation. The portion of this that I personally completed was a piece of the Q-training section. There, I created a “for” loop to represent each epoch, which entailed the agent making a random choice at a cell. Then there is a “while” loop nested within this “for” loop in order to continue the searching, because the while entails the random cell chosen previously was an empty cell, and it is NOT game over, yet. The data from each episode, such as the action taken, reward gained, and game status, is all stored by calling the “remember” method and adding this episode to the systems memory. If the pirate turns up an empty cell, the while loop and data collection continues. 
  this course was extremly interesting and eye opening to the technology involved with machine learning. I learned so much new material and feel excited about this budding avenue in my field of computer science. Computer scientists work to solve tschnological problems and push the field forward. As a computer scientist, I will approach problems with patience, and not be afraid to ask questions or collaborate with peers. I will also do my best to continue practicing awareness of ethical responsibilities, as I have come to learn how prevalent ethical issues can be with novel technology.
